Add Missing documentation for Javascript Dropdown Widget (#4928)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_dropdown.md

    @_icon-font-margin: @dropdown-toggle-icon__font-margin,
    @_icon-font-position: @dropdown-toggle-icon__position,
    @_icon-font-vertical-align: @dropdown-toggle-icon__font-vertical-align,
    @_icon-font-text-hide: @dropdown-toggle-icon__text-hide
) {
    // ... 
}
```

[LESS mixin `.lib-dropdown()`]: {{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/lib/web/css/source/lib/_dropdowns.less

## Initialize the dropdown widget {#dropdown_init}

The loader widget is initialized as described in [JavaScript initialization].

### Initialize with `data-mage-init` attribute

```html
<div class="magento__dropdown-widget">
    <span class="action toggle"
          data-toggle="dropdown"
          aria-haspopup="true"
          data-mage-init='{"dropdown":{}}'>
        <span>Dropdown Opener Button</span>
     </span>
     <ul class="dropdown-options" data-target="dropdown" />
</div>
```

### Initialize in `.js` file with options

```js
$('.magento__dropdown-widget').dropdown();
```

## Options {#dropdown_options}

-  [parent](#d_parent)
-  [autoclose](#d_autoclose)
-  [btnArrow](#d_btnArrow)
-  [menu](#d_menu)
-  [activeClass](#d_activeClass)

> ### `parent`   {#d_parent}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `parent` {#d_parent}
```

> The parent of element on which the widget was initialized. If not specified,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parent element that initialized the widget. If not specified, the widget locates the element using the `.parent()` jQuery method.
```

> the widget finds it himself with jQuery method `.parent()`.

Reviewer: delete this sentence as it was combined above.

**Type**:

- jQuery object
- HTML
- String

**Default value**: `null`

> ### `autoclose`   {#d_autoclose}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `autoclose` {#d_autoclose}
```

> Whenever to close or not the dropdown menu when the click is performed outside of dropdown scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines whether to close the dropdown menu when the user clicks outside of the dropdown scope.
```

**Type**: Boolean

**Default value**: `true`

> ### `btnArrow`   {#d_btnArrow}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `btnArrow` {#d_btnArrow}
```

> A jQuery selector for the arrow that expresses the state of the dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) A jQuery selector that updates the arrow to `+` or `-` based on the state of the dropdown.
```

> The widget changes given element's text to '+' or '-", depending on the dropdown state.

Reviewer: delete this line as it was combined above.

> It's not required the element to be present in the dropdown HTML markup. It works

Reviewer: delete this line as it was combined above.

> just fine without it as well.

Reviewer: delete this line as it was combined above.

**Type**: String

**Default value**: `.arrow`

> ### `menu`   {#d_menu}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `menu` {#d_menu}
```

> A jQuery selector that represents the dropdown's menu element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A jQuery selector that represents the dropdown's menu element. `menu` must be inside the `parent` element.
```

> Looking at the HTML markup, given element has to be inside the `parent` option.

Reviewer: delete this line as it was combined above.

**Type**: String

**Default value**: `[data-target="dropdown"]`

> ### `activeClass`   {#d_activeClass}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `activeClass` {#d_activeClass}
```

---
group: javascript-developer-guide
subgroup: 3_Widgets
title: Dropdown widget
functional_areas: frontend,theme,dropdown
---

## Overview

Widget source file is [lib/web/mage/dropdowns.js].

The dropdown widget allows to show show on storefront a select box with custom
content for each of available options.

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info} Dropdown widget is not meant to replace default

> HTML select element. By replacing default select in store forms don't expect

Reviewer 2: > By replacing default select in store forms don't expect the store to work 100% the same as before changes.

Could you provide some clarification there or, maybe, remove this section. Because currently it sounds mysterious and scary at the same time :)

Thank you.

[lib/web/mage/dropdowns.js]: {{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/lib/web/mage/dropdowns.js
[Shipping policy]: {{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/Shipping/view/frontend/web/template/checkout/shipping/shipping-policy.html
[Customer menu]: {{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/Customer/view/frontend/templates/account/customer.phtml
[UI Tooltip]: {{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/Ui/view/frontend/web/templates/form/element/helper/tooltip.html

### HTML markup

```html
<div class="magento__dropdown-widget">
    <span class="action toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true">
        <span>Dropdown Opener Button</span>
     </span>
     <ul class="dropdown-options" data-target="dropdown">
         <li>
             <span class="item">Dropdown Item One</span>
         </li>
         <li>
             <span class="item"><a href="#">Dropdown Item Two, With Link</a></span>
         </li>
         <li>
             <span class="item">Dropdown Item Three</span>
         </li>
     </ul>
</div>
```

### Styles

By default the dropdown is not styled. But, there is a handy

> [LESS mixin `.lib-dropdown()`] that comes to the rescue:

Reviewer 2: > that comes to the rescue

Please, rephrase this part slightly to have it in more document-style format. Thank you.

## Initialize the dropdown widget {#dropdown_init}

The loader widget is initialized as described in [JavaScript initialization].

### Initialize with `data-mage-init` attribute

```html
<div class="magento__dropdown-widget">
    <span class="action toggle"
          data-toggle="dropdown"
          aria-haspopup="true"
          data-mage-init='{"dropdown":{}}'>
        <span>Dropdown Opener Button</span>
     </span>
     <ul class="dropdown-options" data-target="dropdown" />
</div>
```

### Initialize in `.js` file with options

```js
$('.magento__dropdown-widget').dropdown();
```

## Options {#dropdown_options}

-  [parent](#d_parent)
-  [autoclose](#d_autoclose)
-  [btnArrow](#d_btnArrow)
-  [menu](#d_menu)
-  [activeClass](#d_activeClass)

Description of each option as follows below location.

### `parent`   {#d_parent}

The parent of element on which the widget was initialized. If not specified,
the widget finds it himself with jQuery method `.parent()`.

**Type**:

- jQuery object
- HTML
- String

**Default value**: `null`

### `autoclose`   {#d_autoclose}

> Whenever to close or not the dropdown menu when mouse is clicked outside of dropdown scope.

Reviewer 2: Please, adjust this part. We don't want to abuse people who use a touchpad, do we? :)
```suggestion
Whenever to close or not the dropdown menu when the click is performed outside of dropdown scope.
```

**Type**: Boolean

**Default value**: `true`

### `btnArrow`   {#d_btnArrow}

A jQuery selector for the arrow that expresses the state of the dropdown.
The widget changes given element's text to '+' or '-", depending on the dropdown state.

> It's not required the element to be present into the dropdown HTML markup. It works

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's not required the element to be present in the dropdown HTML markup. It works
```

just fine without it as well.

**Type**: String

**Default value**: `.arrow`

### `menu`   {#d_menu}

A jQuery selector that represents the dropdown's menu element.
Looking at the HTML markup, given element has to be inside the `parent` option.

**Type**: String

**Default value**: `[data-target="dropdown"]`

### `activeClass`   {#d_activeClass}

The CSS class that reflects the current state of the dropdown widget.

> Given class is added to the element widget was initialized when the dropdown

Reviewer 2: Please simplify this sentence slightly to make it easier to read. I.e. 

> Given class is added to the widget element when the menu is visible
